Update CHANGELOG `1.106.0` (#591)
pulsar-edit/pulsar: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## 1.106.0

- Fixed bug that happens on some systems when trying to launch Pulsar using the Cinnamon desktop environment
- Added a modern implementation of Tree-sitter grammars behind an experimental flag. Enable the “Use Modern Tree-Sitter Implementation” in the Core settings to try it out
- Bugfix: fixed Clojure indentation on tree-sitter
- Improved the Clojure language support by migrating it to tree-sitter and support block comments, quoting, and other advanced features on modern tree-sitter implementation
- Fixed a bug that could cause images to not appear the first time opening them
- `autocomplete-css` Completions are now sorted in a way that may match what users expect

> - Added a "Logout" option in the `github` package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a "Log Out" menu item for the `github` package
```

Maybe to clarify this isn't a new feature just a new UI element?
